Of course!
Who doesn't know Mr. Xu from the Wang Group?
Your home is near here
Who doesn't know you, who is famous far and near?
This beautiful woman is yours
She's my cousin.
Ouch, why didn't you say it earlier?
I said earlier that I would give you both a free order, let's go next time.
Hey, Mr. Xu often comes here?
Help the immortals get lucky 10 times and win the mission 90.
Help the immortal 10 times the reward
90% remaining tasks wow
Ten times.
Ah, that's right.
For you what is this
There's 10,000 cash
There is also a watch that can make calls.
You just press this button.
I can know where you are
Positioning installed inside
Don't worry about it.
We are what I can find for you
Human stuff is awesome
It's almost time for our constitution
Help the immortals get lucky 10 times
Yu Sheng Mission 80 Help Fairy Remaining 9
Eighty percent.
No money can help fairies
Then can I do more?
The most important thing is money. Go
I will pay for everyone's expenses in the hospital today
Okay, great.